Update Set-CsPhoneNumberAssignment.md (#9106)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: teams/teams-ps/teams/Set-CsPhoneNumberAssignment.md

If the cmdlet executes successfully, no result object will be returned. If the cmdlet fails for any reason, a result object will be returned that contains a Code string parameter
and a Message string parameter with additional details of the failure.

> **Note**: Macao region is currently not supported for phone number assigment or enterprisevoice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

**Note**: Macao region is currently not supported for phone number assignment or Enterprise Voice.

```

If the cmdlet executes successfully, no result object will be returned. If the cmdlet fails for any reason, a result object will be returned that contains a Code string parameter
and a Message string parameter with additional details of the failure.

> **Note**: Macao region is currently not supported for phone number assignment or Enterprise Voice.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note**: Macau region is currently not supported for phone number assignment or Enterprise Voice.

```
